well hello everyone and welcome to
another Larry's orchid growing guide
today we're going to be talking
specifically about avocados so if you
are growing one or you're interested in
growing one this is going to be video
for you so sit tight I think you're
gonna enjoy this episode so the thing
you're going to first need to know about
avocados is that not all avocados are
created equal
and when you receive an avocado from the
store a lot of people want to try to
grow the pit that's a very common thing
to do at home however a lot of people
more frequently than not grow the pit
and they wait for or five years for the
avocado to grow and fruit only to find
out that it really doesn't fruit and the
fruit that might be given is completely
unpalatable and it's not something that
you'd even really like to eat so the
hopes of having this beautiful green
avocado that you see in a lot of you
know stores grocery stores it's not
going to be the same avocado that you're
going to get at home more times than not
so what we have here is a grafted
avocado and we sell this on the store
this is a grafted avocado to only get
about six feet tall it's going to mature
about three years and about three years
time you're going to be receiving about
35 to 40 fully mature size avocados that
are going to taste delicious they're
going to be exactly what you get in the
store and so you don't have to waste
your time so we encourage getting a
plant that is guaranteed to have the the
viable seed that produces the actual
edible avocado so commenting close I'm
going to show you the graft first and
then we're gonna get in with the growing
guide because it's very simple it's
super self-explanatory so the first
thing you're going to notice when you
receive your Hakata is you're going to
see that it did indeed start from a seed
and that is just the root stock the root
stock is a dwarf root stock that does
not produce
edible fruit whatsoever and so we chose
the rootstock to keep the actual tree
from staying
from getting too tall now if you come
over here you're going to see we're
talking about with the graft the graft
is right here and this graft is going to
ensure that the beautiful top of the
plant here stays at a decent height and
does not get too tall and it will
pervert I will provide fruit because the
the actual graft is about three years
old already so it's old enough to fruit
because it's old enough to be grafted so
now we're going to talk about growing
them so when you get your avocado you're
going to want to repot it and when you
repot it you're going to probably want
to put it in a one to two gallon pot to
start off with it doesn't need that big
of a pot to begin with just because of
the fact that the roots aren't that
mature yet and chances are it will be
fine for about two or three years in
that two gallon pot so you don't need to
worry when it comes to that also when it
comes to fertilizing you're going to
want to give it just about any
fertilizer they're not picky at all as
long as they're given lots of fertilizer
you want the potting mix itself to be
very well draining they're grown in very
arid climates like Mexico and Florida
and places like that that are that are
very dry they can have some some
humidity but the soil more or less what
they're growing in is very sandy it's
very well draining and it's not very low
me it's not it's not very compost rich
stuff so the water does not really set
in the soil very long and that's what
avocados are used to so you're going to
want to give them a cactus mix and
that's what we actually recommend for
our not only our avocados about our
citrus is as well so just your basic
cactus mix is going to be just fine and
that will ensure you have good drainage
but make sure you do water them
frequently because they they can
tolerate it they do enjoy it also
another thing is sunlight you want to
give them very full Sun
they again are a subtropical plant so
they love the Sun they love nice strong
Sun so west or a south-facing window
sorry a south-facing window is going to
be an excellent window for you or you
can even put it outside on your patio
and since it stays pretty small and
compact for at least a couple years
you're gonna have no problem bringing it
inside and out for the winter also
another thing you're going to notice
that the leaves are going to act a lot
like oranges because they actually will
grow oranges and avocados on the same
property because they like the same soil
they like the same fertilizer and they
like the same growing conditions all
around so just like oranges you don't
want to give them a whole lot of dry
blowing air so if you have them near a
hot air vent get them away from that
they don't like cold drafts so make sure
they're not in a drafty a drafty place
and other than that you are totally fine
they're going to fruit for you about if
your first year but we recommend only
having 1 to 2 fruit on it that first
year because it'll burn itself out and
it will you know just over fruit because
like I said the the rootstock
is a is a dwarf root stock but the
actual growing plant here is about 3
years old and it comes from a mature
tree so the the plant itself doesn't
know that it that the roots are not
mature enough to sustain all that fruit
so it'll try to fruit 5 10 avocados but
make sure not to grow that many because
it'll kill itself so you just want to
keep it to about one or two that first
year then maybe about five or six a
second year and then after the about the
third year you can let it just go
gung-ho crazy and it'll fruit for you
awesome
so hopefully you enjoyed this growing
guy and hopefully you learned something
new if you did please click the
subscribe button that always helps
because it helps us know who we're
reaching and it also helps you stay up
to date with all the cool things we're
doing on this channel also if you have
any friends that are into growing
avocados make sure to share this video
with them
I'm sure they'll appreciate it and love
it as well and if you're interested in
buying an avocado that will fruit for
you check in the the description box
below we always have a
for our website so until next time this
is Luke from Larry's orchids thanking
you for making us the number one stop
shop for all your orchid and tropical
needs all right take care everyone bye